This browser extension opens + closes a sidebar with a list of your tasks and their break downs. It helps you define tasks + objectives clearly and helps you break them down. It gives you timers and lenses and links.

Steps:

1. Create button in the extension area
2. When it's clicked, it opens the sidebar
3. When it's clicked again, it closes the sidebar
4. The sidebar can also be closed via a close button
5. The sidebar loads and saves content
6. Create an abstraction layer for storage
7. Use local storage at first, can do something else later
8. Have a view mode and an edit mode
9. The raw edit mode is a textarea for code
10. The view made parses the code and renders HTML
11. The view mode also has visual edit helpers
12. The helpers modify the data structure which can be encoded as code

Questions:

- What is the text data format for the tasks?
- What features am I allowing and how are they represented?

Intentions:

- Embrace ephemeral: don't track stuff, meant to have high turnover (at first)

Data format:

{{ task
  desc:
    Core browser extension

  broad-strokes:
    1. Toggle sidebar with button
    2. Create data structure (JS + text)
    3. View as HTML and edit

  1:
    1. Create package.json file and load into browser
    2. Create toolbar button
    3. Clicking button toggles container

  2:
    1. Create an object with most basic features
    2. View the object as text in the sidebar
    3. Edit the object as text and toggle back

  2.3:
    1. Write parser
    2. Make text editable
    2. After editing text, submit button replaces object with parsed input

  2.3.1:
    1. Find a parser library
    2. Write small parser in it and import

  3:
    1. View the object as HTML
    2. Create HTML controls to edit object
  ...
}}

- Possible rule: you can only have 3 things, otherwise break it downs

- For task: Create full outline
- Estimate time requirements where possible
- Prepping is separate from executing
- Executing is focused, constrained, limited, scoped

- Build up a list, assign timers, prep everything
- Create units of work and execute (e.g. I've got 2 hours to complete 2)
